docs/example-region-mention (#33)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-server-api-go-sdk: README.md

> ```shell
> cd example && FINGERPRINT_API_KEY=SECRET_API_KEY VISITOR_ID=VISITOR_ID_EXAMPLE go run visits/GetVisits_APIKey.go
> ```

> > If your subscription region is not “Global/US” region, you need to switch the region in the `GetVisits_APIKey.go` source file first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If your subscription region is not the “Global/US” region, you need to switch the region in the `GetVisits_APIKey.go` and `GetEvent_APIKey.go` source files first.
```
